Release v0.38.1 (#1450)
informalsystems/tendermint-rs: CHANGELOG.md

# CHANGELOG

## v0.38.1

*July 23rd, 2024*

> This release enhances `/block_results` response handling by trying to decode it as base64 if it fails to decode as hex.
> This release also sets the versions of `prost` and `prost-types` their latest versions in the `tendermint` crate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release enhances decoding of the `AppHash` type by trying to decode it as base64 if it fails to decode as hex.
This release also updates `prost` and `prost-types` to their latest version in the `tendermint` crate, something that was missed in the v0.38.0 release.
```
